On mobile so I’ll be concise. Me at climbing wall, bad tummy ache like trapper wind. Scared to guff as ladies present and it it felt like a hot one. Multiple times move to quiet area of climbing gym for people to come over. Thought fuck it I’ll go the bog for a sit down piss to fart. Wasn’t a fart. worst squits I can remember. Lucky escape as would have shat me briefs very publicly. - Woni Jan 26; We had 1 pet as a kid, a hamster. My dad had to hit it with a hammer because vet bills cost too much when it was on its last legs. We had no more pets after that. - Freddukes Feb 26; Make Double D's Great again! - iWingers Feb 26; As a kid I did taekwondo. At christmas one year they did a sleepover christmas celebration thing. Parents were told to bring gifts for their kids so that santa could give it to them overnight. My parents sent me with a fucking toothbrush holder with two minute sand timer thing. I was livid and embarrassed - 41matt14 Feb 26; Robyn has made me feel useless, and you've made me feel like an absolute beta male - JasonTheFrog Feb 26; love a bigtoe up me jacksy - Woni Feb 26; His bussy his healing nicely, he's gonna be OK I think - JasontheFrog Jan 26; My parents got rid of their kids because they couldn't stop pissing against the espresso machine - Tombot Feb 26; they have so many more nipples thats a lot of breast implants to now pay for - MyloNorvik Feb 26; I used to play full length games of Fifa 98 against easy teams and just win 90nilll, would restart 70 mins in if I conceded a goal... definetly autistic - 99sare4nerds Feb 26; you're so bad at darts I'm gonna become a single mum at this point - coolcakelin March ; my father proceeded to take a gemmed sword off the wall, had me hold the body of said goose as he cleaved the head off it and blood smattered my face in pure awe, i still have the sword - FecalFrank March26 ; For instance my family on his mother's side were Russian Orthodox, so he grew up hating the Russian Orthodox church, for the easter egg hunts he would dye raw eggs and hide them with the rest - iamcooldan Mar 26 ; Can't get pregnant in the bum - Kelsey Mar 26; have you told them about the time I went home and you forgot to drink and ended up in hospital - coolcakelin March26 ; Well, they say cats are like their owners. So if 'they' get bullied, they're more like Jason than ever - Beth8789 Mar 26 ; nce I was piss drunk at a party and started having relations with a lady. we have our fun and it get towards the end and I let her know I'm about to finish. turns out I accidentally pissed in her mouth and she proceeded to tell me how it got her more turned on - iLikeCups Mar 26 ; who has baby teeth in year 8 - coolcakelin Mar 26 ; For a million quid I'd take a load from Donald Trump straight down the back of the throat - JasonTheFrog Apr 26; ffs jsut ran to the door for a parcel and realised one of the puppies had pissed on my crotch - WoniPkrwing Apr 26 ; she said and I quote "you just got me so wet" - IlikeCups Apr 26; super drunk thought it was cum time but it was actually a piss - IlikeCups Apr 26 ; in grade 7 I decided I was gonna be a white rapper. I decided my rap name would be "Cherry Poppinz" and my first song was "I Fucked a Girl and She had a Tight Vagina". I was a virgin at the time - IlikeCups Apr 26; tuned into rage what did FrayTard do? - MyloNorvik May 26; fuck I am a simp - Marcellman May 26; I consume the appropriate daily amount of BBC, Just until I can't close my mouth anymore - Tombot May 26; listen, my seed is good - JasontheFrog May 26; I had this habit when I was about 15/16 where I'd just get naked all the time - JasonTheFrog May 26; for a soy boy, Jason is normal sized I guess - Beth May 26; 126% it's why he's got his new nonce moustache, it's part of his new identity - Beth May 26; he's also dyed his moustache, his moustache is blonde.. he's dyed it brown - Beth May 26; rough to be called heavy weight at a whopping 55kg - KittyandEm May 26; as a kid i pissed into a cup and tried it cause i was a big bear grylls fan - Nozrat May 26; I like seeing Jason squirm at how uncomfortable he feels looking at the beautiful men - Beth May 26; did Beth tell you what I brought her back, from Poland the first time, earrings. she doesn't have her ears pierced - JasonTheFrog May 26; just buy it you cheap fuck - Generational_Hater May 26; the big one keeps trying to hump the little one - Caraude May 26; The Fray wanking method is the OG tech - PVMCamelot May 26; blood play is very self-explanatory - Taff_err May 26; FANNY BATTER - Caraude May 26; oh id hate to be at the 6000 person sex party in a non-illustrious latex suit - DrFlopper May 26;  covered in lube and see who can slide the farthest down the hallway haha - swole_pickle May 26; The UK Nando’s was crazy. There was a date going on at the table to my right and the table to the left had all of the lads out having a good time. it was electric - PMVCamelot May 26; I used to think that cartoon characters were real and they lived in Hollywood, especially after watching Roger Rabbit - MeatFeastSub May 26; My mom was so done with our hamsters that she just released them in the garden and told us they died - Tombot May 26; you're the worst raude - JasonTheFrog May 26; jiggly boobs aren't gay you idiot - JasonTheFrog May 26; I look like a child molester for sure - JasonTheFrog May 26; don’t know what you used to do down the park as a kid but I was down there with a 3 litre bottle of frosty jacks being a knob - RazorShadow May 26; Ffs I was with germans and english people today. And someone started conversation how europe becoming shithole like UK bc of muslim families,and then I said we need new Adolf, everyone stood there silently.. - Nso1 May 26; I though joking about adolf is okay in germany - Nso1 May 26; That's why I work out mate. So I can eat lots of shit. - Nso1; Was out with a friend and met up with his mate, took us to a tittie bar and turns out it was this dudes lass on stage performing. was a bit awkward to say the least, was worse, he didn't say anything and we'd been there like 15 minutes and she came down and sat on his lap after the set. That's when we found out - iWingers May 26        
